# Iconic-Architects-and-Iconic-buildings
India has become very active in adding aesthetic value to its residential and commercial spaces. Indians want only the best to grace their home decor and this pushes them to invest heavily in their homes. Modern style house interiors are becoming quite popular with the audience and reputed designers in the country are striving to deliver their best. Here are some of the best interior designers in India who have made dream homes a reality for their clients. Sunita Kohli is the President of K2India who is popular for having massive experience in designing historial interior architecture and architectural restorations. She is popular for being a part of the authority which adorned and re-established the Prime Minister’s Office in Parliament House Colonnade, the Hyderabad House and the Rashtarpati Bhavan. Shabanam Gupta is invariably one of the best interior designers in India who is hailed for her modern interior design ideas. She is popular for expressing eloquent spaces through her creative ideas. Her popular projects include lending a modern style house interior to Rani Mukherji and Kangana Ranaut’s homes. Among her other works, The Bar Stock and Social in Pune are well-known. Anjum Jung is the founder of Morph Design and one of the top interior designers in India. Despite the lack of formal training, she adapted quickly to the field. Her modern interior design ideas are evident through her projects like the Prestige Silver Oak, Prestige Oasis Resort, and Orion Mall. Interior designers are finally getting the recognition they deserve for successfully creating some of the most famous projects around the country. Be it with their modern style house interiors, apartment interior design ideas or architectural restorations, they are thriving and dedicating every day to come up with something unique yet relevant. To know more: https://thebnkgroup.com/
